how's it going guys this video is my
attempt on making illuminated doorsills
to replace these factory ones I made
mine out of vinyl and acrylic it's just
materials I had at the time anyways it
was a fun project and I hope you guys
enjoy this video
to remove the door stills from your car
it's very easy it's just held in by a
couple clips just pull up on the bottom
of it and then it pops right out after
you have your door stills removed you
want to flip this over and remove the
silver trim to do that you'll see these
notches right here and basically we just
want to pull up on these so we can
release the tabs grab yourself some
needlenose pliers and you know you can
just individually go through these and
flip them up so that they're straight
once you have all these tabs released
just flip it over and you can just push
it out
what you want to do with this stainless
steel is lay it the front side down and
that allows us to get a good trace of
these size
here as you can see we have the
completed rough cut and obviously
there's a lot of excess acrylic on here
but we're we have this sanding block
here and additional sandpaper that
wasn't supposed to happen but we can
sand down all these rough edges here so
we'll just take our sandpaper or a
sanding block I'd recommend just to use
something that's fine not something
that's too chorus smooths everything out
so that's about it just clean up these
edges some more you can use your fingers
and we're going to be I think we're
almost ready to handle the vinyl on this
now I went back and I was able to finish
these edges out and you can see here is
the acrylic piece that I cut
and here is the original door still
sorry guys this is one of the clips that
got lost or deleted so I'm going to show
you how to run I'll wrap that acrylic
piece that we have cut out this is that
acrylic this is my first prototype so
accidentally broke this snap in half so
first you take the acrylic piece get
some vinyl wrap make sure you purchase
enough that it's long enough then you
want to take this cut it out and vinyl
wrap the door still wrap it all in this
black so that it's all plain you can use
whatever colors you like here I went for
the carbon fiber look after you got that
raft you take your template put it right
on top of there tape it on make sure
everything's steady and you just take an
exacto knife and trace out the lettering
and that's about it so it leaves the
acrylic clear now if you apply too much
pressure it will cut the acrylic so if
you prefer you can actually just put the
template on the vinyl wrap cut it out
and then apply the vinyl wrap I did that
it's a little bit easier if you just
take this right onto the door still and
do it like that but it doesn't really
matter it leaves this part clear and all
the black
carbon-fiber blocks out all the other
light so then we use a paper-thin white
I'll put a link in the description on
what that is and I just tape that on
there you can use some silicone caulk
around the edges make sure it's
waterproof and watertight lastly I use
double-sided 3m tape and I just use that
to tape that on to the plastic trim I
have here my door still that is all
dried up now I've let it sit for about
two days in the vinyl Dockyard and now
I'm going to spray it with this
automotive clear coat the clear coat is
going to allow the letterings here it
won't be able to peel up after you spray
the clear coat on so basically it's just
going to give it a better seal and the
durability so when you throw up your
shoes on here and stuff like that the
vinyl definitely won't get messed up or
anything and you just want to do
probably four coats of this four or five
coats of the clear coat
we'll just take our wire for our door
still and pull it through and now you
can see the door still is wired to the
inside of the car without drilling any
holes and you know if you have a
different maker model you might need to
do holes within these two pieces but the
acura tsx s actually made it really easy
you don't have to drill any holes at all
so you just pull this back and you want
to make sure that the wire gets caught
behind this tab
that way you'll try to be as flush as
possible and then the door still just
clips into place
make sure everything is down
and your last step is just to wire this
into your dome light you could you know
every car is going to be different so I
won't show you guys that step
this is the final result of the door
stills and the whole project took about
a month long and that was mostly waiting
on parts and everything to dry and cure
again the vinyl we had to wait for that
to dry and the clear coat paint all that
go ahead and show you the passenger side
they're both the same but I'll show you
that they both work
the total cost for the project was about
40 bucks which is relatively cheap and
again this was my first time doing this
project so if you guys have any
recommendations or suggestions on doing
something different go ahead and leave a
comment but other than that I hope you
guys enjoyed this video